 We compile them together. Jo alayne, walayne. 17 need review and 13 are contradictory. Key contradictions ko chhoro zutayn abhi ke liye. Let's start. Why is a single sentence that describes what Valencia is? Hamza says Valencia is your clarity and your guide for anyone struggling with discipline, productivity, structure, or needing motivation. Core principle, Valencia sees what we can't see. Valencia connects different parts of our lives if we move together. Salman, Valencia is your AI life coach that connects your fitness, finances, finance, faith, career, and relationships into one system. And shows you patterns you would never spot alone. Merge, Valencia is your AI life coach that sees what you can't see, connecting every part of your life into one system and guiding you in better all of it. Achabas, ek cheez hai, ki one thing that I do want to mention when you say connects your fitness, finance, faith, career, and relationships. What example? Example. But in life? Example. Exactly. Woye ke like if you write, for example, just these are some of the other ones, toh pir sahi ho hai. Warna masla kiya hota hai, what AI thinks is this is it. Yes. Toh, main usko bolte rehta hoon ki like, 8 modules abhi hai, in the future there might be 20. One thing that we're missing out on is psychology, mental health, therapist. Ek therapist ka kamra toh hona chahi, ki if you just want to go and vent. For whatever reason. Do you have a receptionist? Nahi, therapist. Yoga, yoga is. Section ki nahi aje ki? No, no, no, no, no, therapist and yoga is very different. Yoga is meditation. I feel like I need yoga, America mar raha bhi tarah doa re, kahise soya nahi hoon. Yoga helps you get your body in shape in one perspective, it's like similar to going to the gym. Yoga is like that. What do therapists do? To go to a therapist, ideally you should first go to a psychiatrist. Psychiatrist will tell you that you have these issues. It can be small issues, it can be big issues. Anxiety. A psychiatrist will diagnose you that you have anxiety. Physiotherapist is there. Are you giving meaning to it? No. Physiotherapist is physical. Psychiatrist and therapist are different. Psychiatrist diagnose you. It's the therapist don't have the ability to diagnose you. They just think that you have anxiety, let's work together to fix it. So I think that's also something we can mention. It's the same thing, it's not like that. But I think we can add that as a motive. So you're saying that the mental health is different. Okay, so merge, that's fine. Should we keep, I think it's one single sentence. But in CSC what we can see, what does it mean? Both agree on multi-layered approach. CS conversational insights. The question I asked, I have developed it, I have answered it. Like system management. Instructions to Epilepsy Epilepsy Epilepsy Epilepsy Epilepsy life is made up of a lot of things so we need to keep it simple connecting every part of your life into one system and guiding you to be better in all of it whether you want to talk about i don't know like the most simple thing i can talk about is groceries like you mentioned groceries is not a module but it's part of life that you need to be a bit disciplined to get groceries in time and so on using the same modules which are made it would be able to kind of just schedule your groceries yeah exactly yeah okay balance is the frequency conversational insights visual intelligence clear knowledge graph life correlation matrix okay what's knowledge graph knowledge graph and what's the difference between knowledge graph and valencia wiki and life correlation matrix this is the document for the memory layer of the LLM-PI coach like this is a simple summary of the overview of the list of followers so it's not wiki? it's the wiki okay and knowledge graph is made everything is 3D application with the features it will be detailed view as well like if you see the here for example okay interactive drill down clicking in the main shows its correlation with others layered delivery daily via seah weekly via digest on demand via graphs insights Hamza's life correlation is systems commercial differentiator and marketing tool I fully believe this is the billion dollar thing life correlation system Salman adds the holy shit moment the first time seah tells you something true about your life you didn't know okay yeah! I think this will be answered later what is the emotional arc of the user's first five minutes okay Hamza recognition reliability motivation hope excitement anticipation tiktok style relatability relate relateability relatability what I'm thinking in my heart he's saying it Islamic motivational content as inspiration for the fire balances should ignite 32% of users say yes!jasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjas landing page where they would feel something where relatability hoi, it's already working kaise hoi hoi. Kiske na ke video hoi? Like I'm thinking ke pehle to hai ke landing page hoi jo Balenciaga City ke when you click on it you can see the connection between your line. Phir uske saath in the onboarding I feel like there needs to be some kind of examples of pehle log kiaise gaya tahan ke like it can be examples of goals. Like hai goals hai toh agar pehle pehle application use kar hai, separate separate hai, ki har chi dekhi kar combine hoi ki hai related to all life. Hmm. Kiske log kia se 10-15, 18-20. Actually kiaise ho hai gaya? I think Mujhe Mujhe Video ni hogi Video ki utho frames hoge utho landing page ki jaa. Mujhe Ye landing page ki jaa. Ye landing page ki jaa. Ye landing page ki jaa. Okay I think over here there is this voice emotional hai. Ye nahi batara hai kaise hoi ga hai, he is just saying ke ye hume chak. I think over here there is this voice emotional hai. He is just saying ke ye hume chak. And I think it's fine. To resolve emotional goals there are lying relate, relate, motivate, incite. The difference is execution. Hamza wants heavier video content opening. Saman wants a faster UX intervention. Connects to question 3.4. Intro video. Ho baad mein I think aake dekhte. But, Ek toh hai landing page. But I'm thinking from an onboarding ki jaa. Jum ho onboard kar raho hai na. And when there is a chat bot where it thinks to talk. Uske open nah uske paar sor examples hai muz hai. It's not a video. But it's kind of like this cues ke you can do this. Additions, you can do this. Examples of what others have done. Question mark baad ke hai. Question mark baad ke hai. Question mark baad ke hai. Question mark baad ke hai. Question mark baad ke hai. Question mark baad ke hai. I don't know how to visually say this. I don't know how to visually say this. But, Chat bot at the bottom. Up there is some motion. Video hi bani di hai. Prele se video bani di. Where someone is typing their goal. Where someone is typing their goal. And it's like oh I wanna improve me with this. Or woh goal banate pe It goes ahead. It's kind of like an example. Jo humne pehle se banaya bahoy. That's being shown in the top. Usse ho hai gaye ki like Oh shit this is exactly what I wanted. Okay. Okay fine. For now let's do 1.3 landing page is the whole. This feels different. It's talking to me. It gets me. It's already working. And then the UX for landing page is a bit more simpler. Fine. Let's do it for now. I think it's a bit more easier. I think we can still keep AI suggestions at the bottom. Ki hai ke main lihti hai I want to. Thodi se cheeze bataan nahi. Suggestions and some kind of QA. Pre-recommendation. Pre-recommendation. But up there it's flow. Like you know just. Yes flow karate hai. Yes exactly. If we want to make it cool. Maybe we don't. It's just like a brainstorming. You can just. Oh I want to do this. Something like that. I don't know. But that was my idea. Okay let me just say that in English now. So AI captures it. Suggestions at the bottom next to the chat bot. And above it can be kind of like a brainstorming bubble. Where the questions are just going. Here and there. And you can just click on it. And it just adds it. Who is the user persona. Age. 25 to 45 someone struggling who wants to improve but needs guidance has tried other apps but found them too narrow. Wants a coach not another tool. Would leave if content for themselves or if app feels overwhelming. Amira 28 from Muslim professional juggling career, marriage, fitness and faith. Not tech forward download because everything feels disconnected. Secondary Khalid 35 high achiever with whoop wants cross domain intelligence. Um. I think we should stick with this with what I said mainly because. I think. Okay. We are aligned with this. We are aligned with this because yours fit in mine as well. I'm just a bit more weak. Because I tried this a lot before. If I write career, marriage, faith, fitness, faith. It will focus on that. AIS like that. So I. It will stay the same. Okay. What are the three? Three apps was feel, vibe, you want, balance. Okay. Bevel, Habitica, ChatGPT, Salman, Aura Ring, Calm, Arc Browser. Arc Browser, okay. Why this matters? These pull in very different directions. Hamza's list, warmer, gamified, chat centric. Salman's list, premium, dark, calm, motion rich. The RPG direction, Habitica is absent from Salman's. Premium, centric. Cinematic, Aura, Arc is absent from Hamza. This sets the entire visual interaction direction. Consider picking which app inspires which part of Valencia. Arc, browser. . . . . . Moving to the next one? Moving to the next one? Moving to the next one? Moving to the next one? Moving to the next one? Again this is the landing page. I think org and bevel are similar in terms of design perspective. Epel is different in terms of design perspective, Epel is different in terms of design perspective, Epel is different in terms of design perspective, Epel is different in terms of design perspective, Epel is different in terms of design perspective, Epel is different in terms of design perspective, Okay, so we can go with, look at Habitica, I think it's very interesting. I'm searching it up. You have used it? How is it? It's good. Tell me about it. It was a good experience, but it was expensive. So I deleted it. Like, it was a little gamified. It was a little gamified to keep you engaged. Yes. . If you see the pictures, you will see. You've seen this before? Yes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . starts to go down so if it dies what happens so I thought this is nice Bevel and Chajjpty chose those I just love Bevel I think Bevel is basically us the benefit we have is they just focus on fitness Reminders I think we should go towards this but the only difference is we can remove these simple characters we have a bit of AI we can make it a bit more nicer and some people like it it's not that this is low quality it was quite high level you can level up, gain gold, collect equipment you can get a lot of things starting with Chronic Games and this is a bit more basically we go to space on a mission and that's what we mean No No? No Yes For us it's more interesting I think that's something I would have spent my whole life I played World of Warcraft and did you say the same about gaming? About gaming? Yes I played a lot of games I remember when I was in my spare time I would go to places like Spider-Man I played with my mom and we played a lot of games and I have a lot of memories I played a lot of games when I was a child and I think I played a lot of games too I think I played a lot of games too I asked Omar last night because I love it because I like gaming I don't play games anymore I just don't have time to play but I love them I asked Omar if Omar doesn't play games so if there's someone who is not a gamer he should see this app would he be against it? like what is this weird thing? stuff like that but yeah basically we give the user options basically we give the user options like if you go to settings and select the character add that then when the graphics are selected then the popup will show up yeah it won't explode in settings there are options no no no for everyone this is for now what can be done gaming man I love the concept that you are in this world and you are the main character if you want to improve your character and level up do this do this do this which is achieve your goals if not then don't so like like like like like like like like like like like like like Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Nice. Nice. What's that sound? Um, sorry, what were you saying? Uh, yes. Uh, with the, like, pre-file, it's like, when we play a game, we have a headset that we use to see the users in the gameplay. In the playground. In Call of Duty? Yes, in Call of Duty. So, we have a section where all the users have a single, like, health, yes. Users have a cloud. How much XP they have, how much health they have. Definitely. Because it's the exact same thing as this. Uh, the users, we show the users on Google Maps, we show the location on Google Maps, privacy issues. No. We also show the location on Snapchat. No, no. We show the location on one user. Yes. It's not even in Pokemon Go. It's in the user though. It's in the user though. It's in the user though. Like, Like, Like, Like, Like, Um, Let's go here. I don't like this. Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, And what was very nice is sometimes recovery If it becomes So my friends messaged me, are you dying? Do you need me to call an ambulance? This is optionality So this I love this feature like this is something we should have but now we're thinking It's also about privacy Okay, so yeah, let's move ahead. We still have a lot of questions. Habitika is nice Um reasons for Bevel Okay Reasons for Bevel and ChatGPT very simple ChatGPT I think it's very clear Yes ChatGPT chat focus Um, you have the left I think Bevel and ChatGPT are very similar It doesn't matter what you want to do Bevel has been inspired by ChatGPT And it's there I like how it's very simple chat focus Like non-professional spies and all that stuff But it's nice So we can do this Let's move ahead with this I think Bevel, Habitika, ChatGPT is fine Um the others are also supporting one that's okay How do you describe balance here to someone in 10 seconds? Both hit the same notes AI life coach all life remains connected And it's a hidden pattern Hamza adds without over complicating anything Simplicity promised Um Mark Zuckerberg said something and I like that Um I think I mentioned this Um Um Um Uses the informal mother test to evaluate if an AI product is simple enough for everyday use And then he says What I do is To see if it's simple or not He would say If my mother is having issues using it Then it's complicated It's not simple AI is supposed to make it simpler But people are failing to do that Yes I think So I think this thing of This mother test I think I had this in my mind for the last A month ago Yes And I was like this is nice It's a very nice criterion I told my mother to use Balenciaga Will my mother be able to use it? Or should she be like Hamza I'll go and use it Um so simplicity Is something so it's very aligned Um with SES personality In three adjectives Uh adaptive, accountable, empathetic, Will range No sorry Um adaptive, accountable, empathetic, Will range Accountable when slacking Kind when struggling Pushy when user needs a push Like a real coach with different modes Salman warm, perspective, and direct Warm, genuinely cares, remembers details Perceptive Notices patterns A differentiator Direct, clear recommendations Not many options Will it be friendly from here? Yes Warm The user is just exhausted Then warm will be Then Then Warm will be Then setting Will be more I think this is nice What AI is saying Both want CI to feel like a real coach Hamza emphasizes adaptability Changes per user Salman emphasizes perception Notices what you want Consider combining Perceptive, adaptive, direct Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh! Yes, it will change. Based on the goals, it will change the tone. Yes, based on the goals. Yes, I think tone needs to be linked to motivation. Yes, for example, she selects strict. Her goal is simple. Her goal is I want 3000 calories. The next day she wakes up and she is like I am done with life. And he is still strict because of the goals he selected. She will most probably be like what a strange nonsense. Why are you getting angry at me? I don't want to listen to this. And then she throws away her phone. But I think the key differentiator should be that AI should be able to make decisions. She is low motivated. I am not saying anything that is not beneficial. It is not beneficial. Yes, it is. It is. If you are sick, if you have a workout plan, what are you going to do? Not sick. Different. Think of it from this perspective. First of all, I am very motivated. So you are yelling at me. You are like Hamza do this, Hamza do this, Hamza do this. I will show you a piece of shit. I will do everything. I did it. Second day, you are like Hamza do this, Hamza do this, Hamza do this. I am like what is the problem? I will do it. Third day, you can see that first day I did 100%, third day I did 90%, third day I did 80%. So I am going downhill in terms of motivation. Yes. Okay. Now when the fourth day comes, you can kind of be like hey, is everything okay? Do you want to take it easier? Do you want to like? Your motivation is declining. Should we revisit the plan? Should we like you know, change is the way he is talking. If you say, if he also sees that I am yelling at him for three days, it will not be useful. Fourth day he says, okay, I will talk to you nicely. The goal is the same. Some person might. Basically, what is this strict word means? Strict, right? The user has stuck it there that you have to go strict. You have to speak like that. That's important. But then different word, I would change that. . I think automatically. . That's fine. I think from a goal perspective, strictly read. That's okay. If he's like strict, he's strict. It's okay. If today I'm like my goal for next month is to lose. Then it should say strict. . It's strict. . That's fine. That's strict. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Will your tone change automatically or not? No, it won't change automatically. It won't change automatically. No, you have to be adaptive on your tone. Tone has to be somewhere within. I'll give an example. I have a friend. I'm basically trying to improve him as a person. I think, for 5 days, I'll be very angry. Even if he does something good, I'll be like, I don't care. You're still shit. But then, I'll tell him, I haven't shown him love yet. He'll leave me. He'll be like, shit, what's this? Why am I doing all this? Then, I'll tell him, bro, it's fine. We're getting there. And stuff like that. Same thing. It's not always like this. If he makes a mistake, I won't say I'm a coach, but it's a coaching kind of thing. If he makes a mistake 2 times, I'll be very angry. I'll say I'm disappointed. What the shit? Why would you do this? 3rd time he'll do this, I'll be like, let me try to take a different approach. I'll take an approach of like, think about your family. Think about Islam. I'll be on his side. Instead of taking his side, I'll be like, no, no, bro. We're on the same boat. This happened. And then he'll get motivated again. I tried twice. It didn't work out. So I was like, let me change my tone of talking to him. That should happen. That's a coaching thing. I did pro and con. I did it. What you're doing, what's pro, what's con, what will motivate you. Goals are the same. I'm both. Goals are the same. This is to motivate you. This is wrong. This is wrong. This is wrong. This is wrong. Think from this perspective. The goal is you want to run 20 kilometers tomorrow. I come to you, I'm like, you piece of shit. Remember, you have 20 kilometers. Run or else I'm gonna kill you. That's the most strictest way you can say it. And then before I go to sleep, I say it again. Remember or else. You're doing it out of here. I'm going to the army. And if I'm not practicing for it, I'm just saying if you don't do it, you won't be selected. If you do it, you'll be selected. Yes. This is the thing. This is pro and con. Then you can do it. Okay, pro and con in that sense. You will tell him what his pros and cons are if you don't do it. No, my concern is when I talk to my child, I tell him that he's going to be strict. I told him that I'm 12 years old. I told him that I'm going to be strict. But he said he'll go to school and this and that. And he'll change his tone. Automatically. I don't think there's any setting in the application. I tell him to warm up. He'll talk to me about his problems. He'll eat more sweets. So, he'll change his mood automatically. He'll say, why did you take more calories? What was the tension? That's my concern. He has chosen a personality to be strict. But the tone of that person will change as he changes his mood. I tell him that he's going to be more of an automatic person. In this home, I shared this video of me working with teachers when I said that I ate pizza and red cheese. We're going very off topic. It's fine. These are the features. We're talking about UI UX, we need to make screens. If it's not fine testing, we will figure it out and we can change the tone. It's fine. It's okay. I think Salman, Hamza, it's very similar. We just want them to be like a real coach. I think that's more than enough. What does the chat screen look like? Clean chat as foundation with charts, goal progress, new plans and financials, some is appearing in line when relevant, sometimes text only, sometimes visual only, sometimes navigational. This is fine. So basically you're chatting with Sia. I will see, I can give you analysis chat can read this random tables or something that might be like, here you go, go over here, which is the redirect to our pages, your modules and like the fitness and so on. I think that's fine. Moving to the next one, Moving to the next one, Moving to the next one, Moving to the next one, making a proper name it's wordplay enough it's nicer as well because someone would be like Sia Sia oh Sia Balencia like Balencia is balance and Sia together a balance maybe we're not using a we're using E so balance be balanced actually and Sia is with a C it's subtle it's not like we gave it on the face what we're thinking and Noman mentioned from a design perspective if it's very obvious it looks low quality I don't think it matters so much Sia Sia how does Sia connect live domains in conversation proactively all this visual domain colored tags built in chats frequency when meaning will not force all of the above rich inline curves should see I have a visual avatar face yes 3d animated avatar that speaks and reacts creates personal human like coaching leverages existing VRM avatar system builds trust and emotion connection simple animated icon logo that pulses when thinking speaking 3d is expensive uncanny valley risk date quickly abstract icons gives presence without risk like talking to an intelligence not the cartoon person yeah answer operola but this name would you mean differences evil attack it this is one of the things that you look at this topic see avatar 3d animated avatar simulator 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d I think I think what we should be doing is I feel like when it's speaking and the conversation or enough it should be simple like Gemini like your job you but take button you and you're speaking the CD avatar should exist on on the landing page in the application so on key this is see I should have a 3d face but it should not be what we are speaking to life for now while mesh I tell them but for now I don't think you should what do you think yeah yeah okay yes this this bevel is also the same yes yes they become a model that chatbot driven or traditional screen based on boarding Hamza primary chat driven with visual enhancements via drives conversation enriched with visual guidance recommendations and pop-up cards hybrid see introduces each step with personality but UI structure not preformed chat your chat bot is slow and unpredictablejasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjasjas You often find here, this conversation is going on and view guidance is going on. No, but think of it from this perspective. You have screen 1, screen 2, screen 3. It's the same thing but it's coming on chatbot. Basically, the question's reply is the current structure. It has reviewed your question and filled it. If you do this, it will slow down. Meaning? Basically, the application is filled. We have to compromise the application. From that point of view. I am thinking that you have... What do you want to do? I don't understand. Okay. CI introduces E-step with a personality but UI structure not preformed. The current step is the key. But you said that there should be a view guidance. Like a video key or something. No, I said visual guidance. Something like a brainstorming. The question's reply is based on this. What's the reply? The question's... This is yours? Hybrid. Yes. This is what you want. So, we have analyzed your question. Your question and your answers. Why? So, when you answered these questions. Did UI UX, QA Salman. This is after. Inputting mind. Yes. It has reviewed. And your question has been reviewed. I thought it was independently done. I thought it was independently done. I just want to say that the same thing can be done in the form of questions in chat bot. So you answer one question, second question, third question. Now you have the option to do chat bot or the suggestions that we have. And then above, like there is a chat bot in the chat, so above you can just have like some flowy, flowy brainstorming goals. Yes, this will come. Basically, what I understood is that it is in the video form. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I did not. We just sat down and discussed it. I thought it was something. We just took something visually, something to guide them. But OK, what information do you absolutely need before the user can start? Name, life of interest, age, gender, integration, subscription plan. You say name, life, areas of interest, primary life goals. Subscription plan, email, up front. Question. What information do you absolutely need before the user can start? Your onboarding time. Yes. Onboarding time. Yeah. Here is the subscription, show me the program. Hmm. Now the user does not even have the idea how to start his experience. Onboarding time, yes. So first we will give him. Free plan, right? Hmm. For demo. Hmm. So first we will give him the experience. First we will show him the subscription plan. He will go back there. It will be expensive. Leave it, I will not give him the experience. OK. OK. Subscriptions can be removed. Integrations. The rest is same. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. I don't know what my life goal is. I don't know what I want. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . I have a question about the internet. I have a question about the internet. If the travelling team active the active feature, the travelling team active the active feature, the travelling team active the active feature, the travelling team active the active feature, the travelling team active the active feature, the travelling team active the active feature, the travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active feature, travelling team active the active So, you can choose to do the diet and daily routine, you can choose to do the diet or not. No, no, it is written as it is. Same like that, you can choose to do it or not, you can choose to do it or not. But, you can skip it. You can skip it. So, this suggestion is from the CEO or you have shown the options? The CEO will ask the question. He will ask the question. Okay, I wasn't really listening. But, No, I mean we are talking about UI, UX. Yes. I was not listening. But, I hope both of you are aligned. Okay, We will do this, what Salman mentioned. Name, life areas of interest, primary life goals, instead of the other one. Should there be an intro video and animation, 30 seconds, pre-recorded video showing first domain intelligence and actions, cinematic high quality wow moment. Salman, 5 seconds, 5 to 10 seconds, motion sequence, motion graphics, not video, abstract, dark, premium, Apple, video. Product reveal, feel, skippable, 30 seconds is too long. The wow should come from the AI experience itself. Hmm. 5 to 10 seconds map is the home that you can identify someone from. This is 5 to 10 seconds onboarding? Or is this a landing page? This is 5 to 10 seconds onboarding? This is 5 to 10 seconds onboarding. Oh, the pop up. The pop up. In the intro, basically, we go to the application, like currently, you go to the intro, and then you move. The video is going on. No, the video is not going on. In this, it basically takes you to the next next. Carousel kind of 5 to 10 seconds. Okay, I think carousel is 5 to 10 seconds. That does make sense. Let's do that. I'm still hoping I can capture everything we're speaking about. What was the high cap? It doesn't. I should have written notes. The AI assessment, how deep. Carousel. We're doing 5 to 10 seconds. We're not doing 30 seconds pre-recorded. We're doing 5 to 10 seconds motion sequence. And there would be like skip skip, next next. Carousel. The AI assessment, how deep. Depends on motivation here. Low gets faster, high gets deeper conversation. 2 to 3 follow up questions for goals. What a first note pass, deep assessment offered after one week. . . . . .! . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . I just want to try it user guess mode with sample dummy data with you See a conversation skip no worries. Let's just start tell me one thing on your mind. See a captures context from that singular I Immediate coaching me immediate coaching me. They still need to give their life go ready. You know just immediately started they still need to Spend a bit of time and think a child. What is my primary life goal in life? What do I want to do? May how do you handle that? I just want to try to use it He's like my get party girl. My poor addict they because and bring your life when it is a big thing It's not a simple thing you like I want to be a building. I said as any life goes okay You need to like really think about them. So I Agree what the thing he gets more requires building a separate demo experience But I was thinking is if we have dummy data with dummy user So my policy predefined data Someone is like I just want to try it all smidge. I again and he can just play around with the app He can see fitness he can see What so ever and to see what kind of insights he can get was good? He he has access to these kind of things for like a bit and then they're like working on It's all the upper but it might be a lot of effort to create this demo experience Moving to the next phase of the team Moving to the next phase of the team Moving to the next phase of the team Moving to the next phase of the team Moving to the next phase of the team Moving to the next phase of the team Moving to the next phase of the team Moving to the next phase of the team Moving to the next phase of the team Moving to the next phase of the team Moving to the next phase of the team Moving to the next phase of the team Moving to the next phase of the team Moving to the next phase of the team Moving to the next phase of the team Moving to the next phase of the team Its possible to Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic Epidemic You will get a deeper understanding of the goals and you will learn to lean on the deep aspects. In the quick assessment you will get 5-6 questions based on your goals. This is what it is right now. Forget what is there right now. I want to know from a logical perspective how this can happen. How can I capture context from a single response? If CNN tells me one thing on my mind, I tell them I am tired. What context is it going to understand? There are many things behind the tiredness. Like drinking water, high nutrition. You cannot start without answering the question. This thing that no worries, let's just start. That is not possible. I think that... I think that... This option should just not be there. We should still be asking primary life goal, interests, name. Name is just looking for the name. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Primary life goal and life interest. We cannot just have CI capture context from that single response. It's not God. It cannot. I can feel it. This, I think, would take a lot of time. I don't think it's possible. So, you choose. Either it's this or the thing is Puri Onboarding, Gurney Zaroriya. You need to tell your life goals. You need to tell your life interest. And if you still want to describe, look at the video. I don't care. Yeah. You just need it to know. I'm still without understanding. I'm still without understanding. You're still watching me? You're still watching me? You're still watching me? You're still watching me? You're still watching me? You're still watching me? You're still watching me? You're still watching me? You're still watching me? You're still watching me? You're still watching me? You're still watching me? You're still watching me? You're still watching me? You're still watching me? I thought he can interact with it. It's just a dummy. I think JSCash has this function. Like, you have to interact with it first with onboarding. In the video, you have to see the demo and see how I have to interact. I think that... Okay, this is like this. JSCash has no login. I have not logged in. I have not done anything. Explore as a guest. I have done this. I have all the apps. Explore as a guest. I think that you can try this. But it can't try much. But the features they accept. Okay. Explore as a guest. Explore as a guest. And... Yeah. Okay. And then immediate coaching still requires the minimum onboarding that's required. The life goals and the life interests. I think that's fine. Okay. Oh, my God. We are very slow. Navigation, information, architecture. Five items, four items. What did we miss? Explore. You are saying explore. Why not? Explore. Inside me. Okay. Yes. Fine. Okay. I think what Salman mentioned about explore within me, that's okay. Salman argues for build stronger muscle memory. Let's do that. How do life do that? We don't care. Pin to sidebar system. Yes. Notion style, multiple pins, no strict. Yes, but desktop only. Let's remove desktop. That's our mobile app. Desktop is a network. No, basically, some features are there that are improved in desktop. Which? Like, in detail. Which? We will see the features later. Like what? Which features? In desktop, like, like we have the schedule. We have made it from N8N. If we take it later, we have to enhance it. Will it not come in mobile? Will it not? It will not be like that. We will not make mobile app of N8N. Yes. We have to make mobile app of N8N. We don't need N8N anymore. Yes. Like, we have added some features. No, everything is possible. Bro, now, we have all the phones. Yes. But, there are some things in detail which are more effective in web app. There will be dashboard in web app. And, there will be user-friendly software. which are more effective. Yes. I have done it. I have done it. There are all the features. There are. There is WhatsApp integration. WhatsApp integration. I can talk about my application. Hmm? I can talk about my application. Okay. You can do whatever you want for desktop. Apart from that, that's on you. What is the home screen? I have started this thing when I was a kid. I used to work with mobile apps. Mostly, mobile apps. Today, Vue, CIF, I am a little bit crazy, a little bit slow. I have seen this. I am starting this. I am doing it now. I will do it later. Moving to active libraries... Moving to active libraries... Moving to active libraries... Moving to active libraries... Moving to active libraries... Moving to active libraries... Moving to active libraries... Moving to active libraries... Moving to active libraries... Moving to active libraries... We click on Sia and we go to the chat box message, whatever you want We want to make it simple across the main inside cards. We are already Like you want to do something quickly We send equity please talk to a cheese and a hand recent activity feed or a upcoming event Whatever you want to do, it would be either related to this or either related to this Go Bella. Okay, you want to message something about that? Yeah, Joe. Oh no, I don't want to message something about that Proactive message may inside card Oh Today's AI suggested action Yes, yes today's AI is suggested Smith proactive message and today's AI suggested actions includes inside cards Okay, and quick check-in prompts is included in upcoming events activity feed GV meeting Name in a To say oh Oh I Um Um Activity feed upcoming events. I think we should What this what do you think? Yes, yes, okay done. How do cross the main surface? Subtl woven A plus C plus E I don't know Domain tag is baseline always inside character I don't know what I was thinking. I think cross domain connections don't really need to always be shown like that's why it's subtle It doesn't need to be It doesn't need to show that everything is separate Okay, it kind of merged together. That's why I want to be subtle up inside of the day when high confidence Yeah mentions and greetings the main time I think this is features as well. Um, you can see my job as you are you actually by an African? Yeah, first part in the zap I equally as equally across all the same patterns. There's this user reviews. Okay Yeah, I have it workouts balanced budget user heavy spiritual Why? Why is it? Why is it? Yeah? First not for all Spiritually and relationships are deeply personal. You should pray this way is a very different from here's your workout Salman graduated approach respects domain sensitivity No, I think everything should be a first the whole idea is these are eight domains that you have worked on at the moment, but they can be as many domains as They want Yeah I am like Yeah, I have a domain a I could not Supportive way to user control ratios Yeah Yeah! Yeah fixed the ratio What you're talking Okay, we need to be here first for everything that but first for everything see is there to assist you for everything I would assume that these would be least a I have been as a policy you have created these modules and populated them You would have to be just fine. Work out and so on. That's more manually done. That's possible. But let's assume none of those features are available. What the background monitoring. But you can still talk to AI. You can still talk to. Yeah. I decided then push ups and then it would still collect it. I can say I did then push ups and that comes in workouts. I can do. I prayed five times that comes in prayers. I can say I had a fight with my wife. That comes in relationships. It doesn't have to be, I don't need to journal. I have to see about the CX and then I would journal. I think, I don't know, tell me, do you believe it's AI first for everything? Yes. So what is this? 80, 50, 20. This is the suggestion. Okay, failed. Let's go. Which domains are V1 priority? All domains full at V1. Prioritize fitness, nutrition, mental health equals full. We will review it later. Later? I will refresh my mind. Okay, let's pause.